Slider control (#761)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/slider/styling/labels-styling.md

---
title: Labels Styling
page_title: .NET MAUI Slider Documentation - Labels Styling

> description: Review the styling options that the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Slider control provides for its labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to style the labels of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Slider. Set the colors and fonts, or use the style selector for a more complex styling approach.
```
